nice are alive
with the sound of tech news
so we're all waiting for nvidia to drop
its new ampere graphics cards on it but
we haven't gotten much information on
them other than speculation that they'll
be faster and cheaper however a new
leaked benchmark has shown an
unspecified gpu from nvidia with 33
teraflops of performance that's more
flops than a pancake house
one of the leaked benchmarks showed a
card with 118 streaming multi-processors
while the other had 108 putting both
well ahead of nvidia's current offerings
do keep in mind though that these
numbers may mean these are gpus destined
for nvidia's professional and
workstation lineup but even so it could
be a sign that will be offered something
pretty exciting on the consumer side
almost as exciting as if they started
selling replicas of jensen's leather
jacket i just that's what i've wanted
all my life to look like jensen you
might remember that apple was busted a
couple years ago for intentionally
throttling older iphones ostensibly to
prevent issues with aging batteries
consumers and governments became angry
that apple didn't tell anyone about this
which landed the tech giant in some hot
water with regulatory authorities in the
u.s it looks like the proceedings might
be wrapping up as reports indicate apple
is going to be settling for about 500
million dollars which sounds like a lot
but actually works out to about 25 bucks
per iphone if you had any phone in the
iphone 6 or 7 families or an iphone se
which ran specific ios versions you
should be covered so take a trip to the
dollar store and fill your cart up with
about 25 items at t has been losing
video subscribers for a while now but it
hopes to turn things around with this
week's nationwide rollout of its new at
t tv service that's not confusing
tv
oh jeez this is actually not the same as
its a t tv now service which is a
platform that works without proprietary
equipment similar to youtube tv albeit
more expensive instead this new at t tv
actually resembles you guessed it
traditional pay tv where you have to use
an att provided android tv powered
streaming box
there's too many times oh goodness and
surprise surprise you also get roped
into a two-year contract our favorite
part of cable tv meaning that while for
the first year you pay 50 bucks a month
it jumps to 93 in the second the idea
seems to be for att to keep offering
regular pay tv
meaning more channels without the extra
infrastructure costs of directv or home
fiber connections so it isn't really for
cord cutters so much as it is for
masochists just like that story was good
gravy way too many tnt
tbtps ah take me away to the quick bits
and today they're brought to you by
freshbooks cloud accounting solutions
you can work anywhere with the
freshbooks mobile app create
professional looking invoices on the go
snap pictures of your receipts so you
don't lose them and stay on top of
important conversations with this app
you're never gonna miss an update you
can see when a client has viewed their
invoice or when an invoice has become
overdue and ask them to pay you freaking
back start your 30 day free trial right
now at freshbooks.com forward slash tech
linked links down below now on to the
quick bits
the current health
crisis that's unfolding has caused the
cancellation of tech events left and
right but one major name is soldiering
on ltx that's
true yeah for the time being e3 is
planning to run their show as usual and
the fact that companies that are
supposed to exhibit at the show haven't
pulled out yet certainly helps e3 is
scheduled to take place in los angeles
in early june but i'll bring my paper
mask
just in case i'm not going
there's been debate for a while about
the merits of getting a monitor that can
support 144 frames per second but what
if you could game at a thousand fps
you don't need that much explain this
looks like it'll be the case for the
upcoming game doom eternal where the new
game engine the developers are using
will support a thousand frames per
second in tests the studio was able to
run the game at 400 frames per second
with some high-end hardware but good
luck finding a monitor that runs that
fast although we're getting there pretty
quick i know something
secrets next time you see a graphics
card rumor on twitter from some random
account take it with a
boulder of salt
i was gonna
a user i recently posted some supposed
specs of amd's upcoming big navi gpu but
manufacturer sk hynix quickly quashed
the rumor pointing out quashed
they pointed out that the korean text in
the supposed leaked document was just
nonsense it didn't mean anything so
either approach these things with a
degree of skepticism or brush up on your
east asian language skills i need to
brush up a lot because i don't have any
if you want a 5g phone but live in an
area where service is limited you could
always head
to walmart
what
a new report indicates that verizon and
walmart are negotiating to fit stores
with 5g service
primarily to enhance the retail chain's
medical services offerings but of course
you can get like medical diagnostic
stuff at walmart if you're going to have
a heart attack
having a wall yeah
eat a bunch of stuff and then just walk
right into the clinic
but of course customers browsing the
aisles could be able to access these
services too if they get some of the
kinks worked out relating to range for
5g i wonder if i could just set up a
tent in the sports and outdoors section
with a laptop for a few hours
no one would notice and there's a new
way to make money playing games for
college students who enjoy competitive
overwatch there's a new collegiate clash
series that will offer a total of 40
grand in scholarships it's supposed to
start later this month and the money
will be a nice prize aside from bragging
rights although i don't expect it to
make a huge debt in your student loans
sorry well that's our show come back on
wednesday for another debt-free
installment of techlate it is it's true
it's free so you
yeah you have no excuse for not watching
i mean just
press the play button and then for the
video
anytime you want it